docs/api.rst, before:

API
===

Core
----
.. autoclass:: flask_security.core.Security
    :members:

.. data:: flask_security.core.current_user

   A proxy for the current user.


Protecting Views
----------------
.. autofunction:: flask_security.decorators.login_required

.. autofunction:: flask_security.decorators.roles_required

.. autofunction:: flask_security.decorators.roles_accepted

.. autofunction:: flask_security.decorators.http_auth_required

.. autofunction:: flask_security.decorators.auth_token_required


User Object Helpers
-------------------
.. autoclass:: flask_security.core.UserMixin
   :members:

.. autoclass:: flask_security.core.RoleMixin
   :members:

.. autoclass:: flask_security.core.AnonymousUser
   :members:


Datastores
----------
.. autoclass:: flask_security.datastore.UserDatastore
    :members:

.. autoclass:: flask_security.datastore.SQLAlchemyUserDatastore
    :members:
    :inherited-members:

.. autoclass:: flask_security.datastore.MongoEngineUserDatastore
    :members:
    :inherited-members:

.. autoclass:: flask_security.datastore.PeeweeUserDatastore
    :members:
    :inherited-members:


Utils
-----
.. autofunction:: flask_security.utils.login_user

.. autofunction:: flask_security.utils.logout_user

.. autofunction:: flask_security.utils.get_hmac

.. autofunction:: flask_security.utils.verify_password

.. autofunction:: flask_security.utils.verify_and_update_password

.. autofunction:: flask_security.utils.encrypt_password

.. autofunction:: flask_security.utils.url_for_security

.. autofunction:: flask_security.utils.get_within_delta

.. autofunction:: flask_security.utils.send_mail

.. autofunction:: flask_security.utils.get_token_status

Signals
-------
See the `Flask documentation on signals`_ for information on how to use these
signals in your code.

See the documentation for the signals provided by the Flask-Login and
Flask-Principal extensions. In addition to those signals, Flask-Security
sends the following signals.

.. data:: user_registered

   Sent when a user registers on the site. In addition to the app (which is the
   sender), it is passed `user` and `confirm_token` arguments.

.. data:: user_confirmed

   Sent when a user is confirmed. In addition to the app (which is the
   sender), it is passed a `user` argument.

.. data:: confirm_instructions_sent

   Sent when a user requests confirmation instructions. In addition to the app
   (which is the sender), it is passed a `user` argument.

.. data:: login_instructions_sent

   Sent when passwordless login is used and user logs in. In addition to the app
   (which is the sender), it is passed `user` and `login_token` arguments.

.. data:: password_reset

   Sent when a user completes a password reset. In addition to the app (which is
   the sender), it is passed a `user` argument.

.. data:: password_changed

   Sent when a user completes a password change. In addition to the app (which is
   the sender), it is passed a `user` argument.

.. data:: reset_password_instructions_sent

   Sent when a user requests a password reset. In addition to the app (which is
   the sender), it is passed `user` and `token` arguments.


.. _Flask documentation on signals: http://flask.pocoo.org/docs/signals/

Commit message:

last changed to make flow better

docs/api.rst, after:

API
===

Core
----
.. autoclass:: flask_security.core.Security
    :members:

.. data:: flask_security.core.current_user

   A proxy for the current user.


Protecting Views
----------------
.. autofunction:: flask_security.decorators.login_required

.. autofunction:: flask_security.decorators.roles_required

.. autofunction:: flask_security.decorators.roles_accepted

.. autofunction:: flask_security.decorators.http_auth_required

.. autofunction:: flask_security.decorators.auth_token_required


User Object Helpers
-------------------
.. autoclass:: flask_security.core.UserMixin
   :members:

.. autoclass:: flask_security.core.RoleMixin
   :members:

.. autoclass:: flask_security.core.AnonymousUser
   :members:


Datastores
----------
.. autoclass:: flask_security.datastore.UserDatastore
    :members:

.. autoclass:: flask_security.datastore.SQLAlchemyUserDatastore
    :members:
    :inherited-members:

.. autoclass:: flask_security.datastore.MongoEngineUserDatastore
    :members:
    :inherited-members:

.. autoclass:: flask_security.datastore.PeeweeUserDatastore
    :members:
    :inherited-members:


Utils
-----
.. autofunction:: flask_security.utils.login_user

.. autofunction:: flask_security.utils.logout_user

.. autofunction:: flask_security.utils.get_hmac

.. autofunction:: flask_security.utils.verify_password

.. autofunction:: flask_security.utils.verify_and_update_password

.. autofunction:: flask_security.utils.encrypt_password

.. autofunction:: flask_security.utils.url_for_security

.. autofunction:: flask_security.utils.get_within_delta

.. autofunction:: flask_security.utils.send_mail

.. autofunction:: flask_security.utils.get_token_status

.. autoclass:: SmsSenderBaseClass
  ..method:: init(self)
  ..method:: send_sms(self, from_number, to_number, msg)

.. autoclass:: DummySmsSender
  ..method:: send_sms(self, from_number, to_number, msg)

.. autoclass:: SmsSenderFactory
  :members: senders

.. autoclass:: TwilioSmsSender(SmsSenderBaseClass)
  ..method:: init(self)
  ..method:: send_sms(self, from_number, to_number, msg)

Signals
-------
See the `Flask documentation on signals`_ for information on how to use these
signals in your code.

See the documentation for the signals provided by the Flask-Login and
Flask-Principal extensions. In addition to those signals, Flask-Security
sends the following signals.

.. data:: user_registered

   Sent when a user registers on the site. In addition to the app (which is the
   sender), it is passed `user` and `confirm_token` arguments.

.. data:: user_confirmed

   Sent when a user is confirmed. In addition to the app (which is the
   sender), it is passed a `user` argument.

.. data:: confirm_instructions_sent

   Sent when a user requests confirmation instructions. In addition to the app
   (which is the sender), it is passed a `user` argument.

.. data:: login_instructions_sent

   Sent when passwordless login is used and user logs in. In addition to the app
   (which is the sender), it is passed `user` and `login_token` arguments.

.. data:: password_reset

   Sent when a user completes a password reset. In addition to the app (which is
   the sender), it is passed a `user` argument.

.. data:: password_changed

   Sent when a user completes a password change. In addition to the app (which is
   the sender), it is passed a `user` argument.

.. data:: reset_password_instructions_sent

   Sent when a user requests a password reset. In addition to the app (which is
   the sender), it is passed `user` and `token` arguments.

.. data:: user_two_factored

    Sent when a user performs two factor authentication login on the site. In
    addition to the app (which is the sender), it is passed `user` argument

.. data:: two_factor_method_changed

  Sent when two factor is used and user logs in. In addition to the app
  (which is the sender), it is passed `user` argument.

.. _Flask documentation on signals: http://flask.pocoo.org/docs/signals/
